The Osirion located in Abydos, Egypt,
approximately 340 miles south of the great pyramid of Giza is just
another example of a prehistoric civilization, because make no mistake,
the people living in Egypt a few thousand years ago,
also known as the ancient Egyptians could not have constructed this site.
In fact, there's zero physical or scientific and even suggest that they did.
And as you can see here, this place is absolutely incredible.
It's very hard to appreciate just how massive these granite blocks are until you
have people standing next to them,
which is a very rare find in any picture because tours of this site ended years
ago due to flooding. And this site has been flooded time and time again,
ever since it was, is rediscovered. In fact, when they did find it,
it was buried. And as you can see here, here's a layout or a map of the site,
which of course is referred to as a temple.
Isn't it funny how everything from ancient times is always a temple.
You also have to consider that when you look at this site, it once had a roof.
In fact, an incredibly impressive roof system,
as you can see evidence of it here,
but it was even double layer as I'll be discussing here shortly.
You can also see the doorways as this site contains about a dozen chambers of
some kind. And there are very few photos at all in existence of this.
And these are the only few that I could find. And unfortunately,
there's very little information about this ancient site,
but there's different artists renditions of what it may have looked like before
it deteriorated or fell apart or was destroyed.
You can see that there's some sort of oval arch type circular structure to the
roofing system.
And you can see some evidence here in this black and white photo,
but one of the truly amazing things about it is the size and the weight of these
granite blocks.
And you can compare here as you see these other pillars next to comparison of
the door, and this is a normal size door. So when you look at these photos,
you don't realize that many of these pillars are eight feet by eight feet by 12
feet in height.
And it has been estimated by engineers that with those measurements eight by
eight by 12, and assuming
175 pounds per cubic feet for the weight of granite,
that these pillars are approximately seven tons,
134,000 pounds a piece.
And what makes it even crazier is the fact that these were coed from the Swan
quarry 200 miles away.
So how they move these from 200 miles away is obviously a mystery and there are
different theories on how they could have done this,
but what makes it even more interesting how they lifted them into place?
As you can see here,
they had interlocking wedges as they stacked them on top of each other.
And upon a closer look, this roofing system was double layered,
which is incredible. Considering just how massive these blocks are.
And then they doubled them up. Why on earth would they do that? I mean,
was this some sort of bomb shelter suggest that this is a temple for praying
and to create a roofing system like this and these pillars that are as big as
they are. I think there's more to this story, but like I said,
at the beginning of this video,
there's zero physical or scientific evidence to support that the ancient
Egyptians had constructed this site. They did not have the tooling.
These are examples of the bronze and copper saws that the ancient Egyptians did
have as we found through various archeological digs.
But as you can see in this photo,
this is the best example of an Egyptian saw that is remaining. In fact,
there's so few that have ever been found, but when you look at the measurements,
which I don't have, but just compare it to the handle,
the blade itself must be less than two feet in length.
So how on earth could the Egyptians have cut a 12 foot by eight by
eight granite block with something so small mainstream Egyptologists and
archeologists come up with various theories on saws that they must have had even
saying that some of them may have been as big as 15 feet long,
but when you look at evidence, well, there is none.
There's not a single saw larger than the one I just showed you in any kind ever
found throughout ancient and Egypt, nor are there any type of pictures,
hieroglyphs,
or petroglyphs that annotate any type of saw larger than what you just found.
In fact,
the only examples of picture that I have found from ancient Egypt are these two,
which clearly show that same type of saw cutting wood,
not cutting stone. And when these methods have been tested,
they have failed miserably. No joke,
the best supporting theory that Egyptologists and archeologists have are bronze
slash copper saws. Look at this quick video,
it's less than a minute long where you see mark Laneer himself on leading
authorities on ancient Egypt. Try to demonstrate this,
to support the argument that this is what the Egyptians used.
Just watch this video real quick.
All right. We have a big block of granite here.
So how's this copper gonna cut this granite, even.
With teeth, the copper alone is too soft. We're going to,
to put sand inside the groove and we're going to put this so on top of the sand
and then let the sand do the cutting.
Now, Dennis, will we see any progress in our lifetime? Yes.
Um, if you came back in an hour time,
you would see about a four millimeter crop down.
Into the film. You're kidding. An hour, you'll be four millimeters down. Well.
I've been doing a lot of experiments and I can guarantee that this will cook
through the stone. That's about four millimeters an hour.
The so went wonderful. Once we switched over to using, uh, water with the sand,
as you can see here, we achieved this in just a few days.
Four millimeters an hour. Are you joking?
And although it went quicker with water, what does that mean?
Was it twice as fast? Was it eight millimeters an hour?
Did they even get an inch an hour? Because according to the demonstration,
it could not have, and again, they have never found a saw this big.
They didn't find one with these tee marks on it either. And it failed miserably.
And even if it had worked in a, at a rate of speed,
would the precision have been there because these stone blocks are unbelievably
precise and all the other methods outlined by Egyptologists,
whether it be bronze, chisels, stone hammers,
none of these methods could work for this site, not even close.
Now I'm not saying that the ancient Egyptians could not have done impressive
things. I mean, take, for example, the temple of Hathor,
which is unbelievably impressive. And I'm gonna make a video on this as well.
I have to do more research on it,
but it seems to me that the ancient Egyptians did construct this site. I again,
have to do more research, look how huge these pillars are compared to people,
but keep in mind that these are made of limestone,
which is significantly easier to cut than granite as well as far less heavy,
but this is how they did it. They did it in sections, which is very,
very similar to how the ancient Greeks did this with the Greek columns.
As you can see upon a closer look,
that those were divided up into sections as well. So although the,
the temple of haw is unbelievably impressive,
it still does not compare to what it would take to cut and carve these stones
located at the Sirion. So while doing research for this video,
I came across a video from Chuck, the YouTuber CFAs 7, 8 65,
who have mentioned before, and he outlined an awesome detail instantly.
This article that came out, as you can see here, not even what two weeks ago,
stating that this same location at ADOS in Egypt,
they have found evidence of through an archeological dig,
dating back 7,000 years. And this article does a few things wrong. One,
they state that it can be traced back to the first dynasty,
which Chuck immediately picked up on and realized that no,
according to all the textbooks and everything we've been taught,
the first dynasty of Egypt starts at 5,000 years ago. So all of a sudden,
2000 years before that, and it's like not a big deal. I mean,
that's 2000 years earlier than anything we've known about ancient Egypt,
even a thousand years into pre-history,
as we all know that the Sumerians history starts with them at 6,000 years ago,
he also noticed the water erosion on the limestone enclosure around this
facility. Very, very similar to that, of the great Finks,
which proves the date being significantly older, but again, ADOS,
Egypt, the ASION and the 7,000 year old evidence. So in other words,
there's already proof that people were living here thousands of years,
to what they already thought,
further evidence that this was done by a prehistoric civilization,
take a look at these photos from the back wall of the ASION look at these
various cut marks and how they closely resemble.
As you now see here from Cusco, Peru,
look at the type of cut marks there and how similar they are,
but it goes even further than that.
Look at these various marks that you find from Cusco to Egypt,
as well as up in Machu Pichu, which is very, very similar.
As you can see from these knob marks located right here at the ASION. I mean,
is this all a coincidence because there's actually more evidence that would
support that. It's not a coincidence in that they were a global civilization.
Look at these similarities here between Machu P you and Egypt here
at the ASION and look at just how far away that is separated by the Atlantic
ocean practically on the other side of the planet and the similarities don't
stop there,
whether it's comparison of the various types of doors and structures that they
use the use of trapezoidal doors, the similarities of structures. I mean,
look at the shape of the buildings. I mean, is that just a coincidence,
the shape of the cut marks or even just the very use of pyramids across multiple
continents? Look at these photos right here.
Isn't there a clear difference between this stone wall,
which clearly has utilized mortar mud mortar.
And this is located right here in Peru at Cusco and this other Stonewall located
at the very same site, the same street,
there is absolute evidence of two different civilizations,
and you can look at other examples here at Machu Pichu, how they essentially,
the newer civilization built on top of the older,
but this is evidence that the older civilization was more advanced.
And when you go back over to the ASION,
you can see the clear difference as it connects to the temple of SETI.
The absolute difference between these sites,
the two completely different types of technology that were utilized to construct
it and to make it even more interesting.
The ASION sits lower than the rest of the site.
It's almost as if it's sunken down or it was built so long ago,
as we know that things that are older are further down underground and the newer
things at the top, right. Makes perfect sense.
And that's exactly what you're seeing here. So here's what it comes down to.
As I close this up, that people living in Egypt a few thousand years ago,
could not have built this site. There's zero evidence to support it. Now,
one single tool has ever been found ever to support that they could have cut
blocks especially of this size,
nor have they ever found any type of wall painting of any kind to even suggest
that they did have it. And we just haven't found it.
We have to start connecting the dots on these coincidences between the Incas or
the pre ins I should say. And the Egyptians,
clearly this is further evidence that there was a global civilization that
existed tens of thousands of years ago. The evidence of this is long since gone,
except for the stone structures that we see today. Again,
there's more information about this site that I'll be researching and looking
into. So look forward to a part two, but I'll wrap it up there.
Leave me a comment. Let me know what your thoughts are. I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight. I can subscribe and take care of everybody.